Add Safe Control docs (#21)
JoinColony/ColonyFrontEndLivingStandard: architecture/Safe Control.md

# Safe Control

> Safe Control is a feature that allows users to cross-chain interact with their Safes (https://safe.global/) via Colony.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Safe Control is a cross-chain feature that allows users to interact with a Safe (https://safe.global/) via the Colony UI. It supports cross-chain bridging, meaning that you can interact with a Safe even if it's on a different chain to the Colony (supported chains only).
```

> With this feature, they can: Transfer funds and NFTs to a member of the colony, create raw transactions, and interact with contracts throughout their Safe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this feature, they can: Transfer funds and NFTs to a member of the colony, create raw transactions, and use their Safe to interact directly with other smart contracts.
```

> ## How Safe Control Work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How Safe Control Works
```

## Live Monitor App

For Ethereum: https://alm-gnosis-eth.colony.io/
For Binance: https://alm-gnosis-bsc.colony.io/

These services are hosted and maintained by us. It was previously developed and maintained by [TokenBridge](https://docs.tokenbridge.net/) but they seem to ahve abandoned it, and with this app being essential for the users to execute their transactions, we've decided it to maintain it ourselves.

## Testing Safe Control locally

Testing this feature on the dev env is possible due to the docker container called `safe`, which will be used to deploy a foreign chain, home and foreign bridges, and a safe with tokens and 1 NFT. The addresses to each of the relevant contracts will be printed in the console once the container is up and running.

Once they are printed out, you must include them in the `.env` file as the `.env.example` indicates.

> With that, you can start testing the feature as you would in QA or production with the only difference being that you don't need to execute the transactions in the live monitor app since the transactions will be executed automatically by the mock contracts, therefore, locally the transactions will always be shown as `Completed` from the get-go.

Reviewer: I would add here the point that the safes you enter via the Safe control ui aren't the ones that are interacted with. If I recall correctly, isn't it also the case that we don't verify that the transaction is actually executed by the safe? 

I remember from testing that transferring tokens from the safe to myself did not increase the token balance in my wallet (but I may be forgetting/misremembering some of the details).

Author: Good idea 👍 I'm gonna add it in
